# Mashable-A-B-Test


Mashable is a news and entertainment website. As their business goal is to maximize readership, they engage in continuous efforts to encourage the sharing of their articles in social media. In late 2017, the website decided to investigate whether the inclusion of images in articles may play a role in the readers’ propensities to share articles. Are articles that include images more or less likely to be shared in social media? Or do images not matter in this respect? The analysis consisted in a randomized controlled experiment. The experiment randomized 30,000 readers of a particular new article to three conditions:

Condition A: the viewed article contained no images

Condition B: the viewed article contained one image

Condition C: the viewed article contained two images

The data file “examdata_mashable.csv” contains the data generated by the experiment. In these data, each observation corresponds to one unique reader. The list of variables included is:

Share: whether the reader shared the article in social media (=1) or not (=0)

Images: the number of images included in the article viewed by the reader (=0,1,2)

Subscriber: whether the reader is a subscriber of the website (=1) or not (=0)

Address the following tasks:

i.  Estimate the ATE associated with the treatment “including at least one image.” By how much does this treatment increase or decrease in percentage terms the probability of sharing an article in social media?

ii. What would be your recommendation for Mashable: to include zero, one, or two images in articles? Justify quantitatively. Note: you need to decide what is an appropriate analysis to address this question. There is not one unique way of doing this—multiple different approaches could be right.

iii. Do subscribers and non-subscribers react differently to the treatment “including at least one image”? Justify quantitatively. Note: again, in this case, there is more than one way to tackle the question.
